Use 
✅ ->good command 
❌ ->bad command
⭕️ -> normal

//js and React
⭕️Event Bubbling and Event Capturing
⭕️Deep Cloning and Soft cloning and how to perform them
✅Debouncing and throtling
✅React Reconcilation
✅React Lifecycle Methods
✅Hoisting,Closure,Promises,Async Await, callback
✅Temporal Dead zone
❌Memoization,Context api,usememo and usecallback
❌Higher order function, IIF and pure function
⭕️Usestate,Useeffect,Useref
✅Props vs State
✅React vs Nextjs
⭕️CSR, ISR and SSR
✅Event loop
✅Map,filter,Reduce and api calling
✅Busy main thread for 2 sec
✅Props drilling and redux
✅Redux is persistent or not
⭕️usedispatch,useselector and all
❌implementation of deepcopy and flatten the nested object
✅priority of promise,settimeout and fetch with their respective queues
⭕️React pure component
❌call,apply and bind
✅How to optimise frontend performance
⭕️types of promises (Promise.all(),Promise.race(),Promise.allSettled(),Promise.any())
✅Currying
❌Custom hooks
✅how to optimise image and video performance
✅how to optimise website performance
✅what happen if we dont put dependency array in useEffect
✅datatypes in js (primitive->number non-primitive->object)
✅difference between context api and redux
✅difference between mongodb and mongoose
✅React Fragments
✅Cleanup function in useEffect
✅Controlled vs Uncontrolled components
❌Normal vs Arrow functions
❌'This' keyword in different contexts
✅Destructuring in js

//Project Based
❌How will you roll back a transaction
❌How will you scale up a live updating dashboard for 1000+ users

//CSS
❌Specificity in css (id, class and inline )
✅Semantic Tags

//Advance
❌Higher Order Component

//Backend
What is the difference between process.nextTick(), setImmediate(), and setTimeout()?
What is the role of the libuv library in Node.js?
Cron jobs
Websockets
Microservices
Reddis Caching
indexing and caching
Aggregation in mongodb
Session vs Token based authentication
Authentcation vs authorization
Jwt,Oauth
What is clustering in Node.js and when should you use it?
 How do you design scalable RESTful APIs?
 What are the key principles of REST architecture?
 How do you handle API versioning?
 How would you implement rate limiting in an API?
 Explain the importance of idempotency in HTTP methods.
Explain the difference between CommonJS and ES Modules in Node.js.
How to optimise api performance
suppose a api is taking 5 sec you need to optimise it through backend how will you?
Middleware and can we use more than 1 middleware
What is Node.js?
What is the difference between Node.js and JavaScript?
What kind of API function is supported by Node.js?
What is a module in Node.js?
What is npm and its advantages?
What is middleware?
How does Node.js handle concurrency despite being single-threaded?
What is control flow in Node.js?
What do you mean by event loop in Node.js?
What are the main disadvantages of Node.js?
What is REPL in Node.js?
How to import a module in Node.js?
What is the difference between Node.js and AJAX?
What is package.json in Node.js?
What is the most popular Node.js framework used these days?
What are promises in Node.js?
What is event-driven progamming in Node.js?
What is buffer in Node.js?
What are streams in Node.js?
Explain crypto module in Node.js.
What is callback hell?
Explain the use of timers module in Node.js.
What is the difference between setImmediate() and process.nextTick() methods?
What is the difference between setTimeout() and setImmediate() method?
What is the difference between spawn() and fork() method?
Explain the use of passport module in Node.js.
What is fork in Node.js
What are the three methods to avoid callback hell?
What is body-parser in Node.js?
What is CORS in Node.js?
Explain the tls module in Node.js.
What is a cluster in Node.js?
How to manage sessions in Node.js?
Explain the types of streams in Node.js.
How can we implement authentication and authorization in Node.js?
Explain the packages used for file uploading in Node.js.
How to handle database connection in Node.js?
How to read command line arguments in Node.js?
What are child processes in Node.js?
Difference Between Restfful and Graphql API?



Link to backend questions: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r0d7YrwftNGHwJtQAEcp9nkAJ0mHtY98/view
